Hey Cookaholics Chef Kendra here and as promised
here's the results from the poll we took.
First I'd like to thank you guys for taking
the time to vote.
OK, I had two no's.
Three people like whatever and I had 102 people
who want us to keep doing the intros before
the actual cooking.
For the two people who don't want to see my
face.
Lo siento.
What I learned from the video is that you
actually don't mind a little chit chat before
the actual cooking begins and that's kind
of cool.
Alright, what are we cooking today?
We are cooking gumbo.
If you like seafood gumbo, wait, let me repeat
that.
If you like seafood gumbo you'll going to
like this seafood gumbo and actually the idea
for the gumbo came to me from this viewer.
We're using shrimp and fish and we're going
to make a nice roux.
It's going to be delicious.
And we're going to serve it all over rice.
So let's do what we do.
Let's head into the kitchen and make it happen.
We have our trusty ingredients waiting for
us.
If only it really worked like that.
We're going to get our oil into a large pot
under medium heat.
Then we're going to add some flour, just like
so.
Next in, and it's optional is file powder.
Sometimes it can be hard to find.
Let's stir this up.
We're going to be doing a lot of stirring
here guys; we're going to go from blond, to
caramel color, to milk chocolate.
Boom.
We're basically going to be stirring the whole
time.
It's important to get your roux dark but sometimes
people carry it too far and they're gumbo
taste burnt.
Then in goes our onions and garlic.
And the next thing we're adding in celery
and bell pepper.
It's going to become a little aggressive with
you, but like most bullies it'll back down
when you stand up to it.
So give it a robust stir.
After we stir this up for a minute of 2 you'll
notice the color change, we'll add the parsley,
our oregano, cayenne pepper, some tabasco
sauce, our clam juice goes in, and water.
We're going to stir every once in a while
and let it cook for 5 minutes.
Then it'll change colors again, now this is
when we add our raw seafood.
We're going to add our fish and our shrimp
and mix those boys in well.
After we've done that we're going to pour
ourselves a beverage and wait for the seafood
to cook.
You want to turn off the heat as soon as the
seafood is done because you don't want to
overcook it, now do you?
Check for seasonings, add salt and pepper
and that's all it is to it.
I'm going to taste this.
Look at that.
This is amazing.
I killed this ya'll this is delicious.
It's rich.
Has that rich deep nutty flavor.
That beautiful shrimp and fish.
Umm.
Hey guys I hope you enjoyed that.
The link to the recipe is in the about section
below along with my Pinterest, my Instagram
and my twitter.
A link to my free monthly updates and information
about my Post Office Box.
If you want to check out my last video it's
right over there.
Alright that's it this time I will see you
on Thursday.
Chef Kendra is out.
Peace.